feat: add skip_macro_invocations option (#5347)
rust-lang/rustfmt: Configurations.md

See also [`format_macro_matchers`](#format_macro_matchers).

## `skip_macro_names`

Skip formatting the bodies of macros invoked with the following names.

- **Default value**: `[]`
- **Possible values**: a list of macro name idents, `["name_0", "name_1", ...]`
- **Stable**: No (tracking issue: [#5346](https://github.com/rust-lang/rustfmt/issues/5346))

#### `[]` (default):

```rust
macro_rules! foo {
    ($a: ident : $b: ty) => {
        $a(42): $b;
    };
    ($a: ident $b: ident $c: ident) => {
        $a = $b + $c;
    };
}

> ```

Reviewer: Can we add a call to `foo!` in this example to show that it'll be formatted when the `skip_macro_list` is empty?

See also [`format_macro_matchers`](#format_macro_matchers).

## `skip_macro_names`

> Skip formatting the bodies of macro invocations with the following names.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this for the opening line?
```suggestion
Specify macro invocations that rustfmt should always skip, regardless of which delimiters are used.
```

See also [`format_macro_matchers`](#format_macro_matchers).

## `skip_macro_invocations`

Skip formatting the bodies of macro invocations with the following names.

rustfmt will not format any macro invocation for macros with names set in this list.
Including the special value "*" will prevent any macro invocations from being formatted.

Note: This option does not have any impact on how rustfmt formats macro definitions.

- **Default value**: `[]`
- **Possible values**: a list of macro name idents, `["name_0", "name_1", ..., "*"]`
- **Stable**: No (tracking issue: [#5346](https://github.com/rust-lang/rustfmt/issues/5346))

#### `[]` (default):

> All macro invocations will be formatted.

Reviewer 2: I think it will probably also be worth mentioning and reinforcing rustfmt's macro formatting behavior anyway. For example, calls that use brace delimiters are essentially already skipped anyway, while calls with paren or bracket delims are attempted to be formatted if some other conditions hold true.

It may not make sense to try to articulate the totality of that behavior here, but if we can come up with a simple way to reference that we can (later) add a link that has more details

Reviewer 2: I actually went ahead and put up #5437 with a quick and dirty explanation that I think can suffice for now to give us something to point to here. Feel free to wordsmith, but I'd suggest we phrase this something like:

```suggestion
rustfmt will follow its standard approach to formatting macro invocations, and no macro invocations will be skipped based on their name. More information about rustfmt's standard macro invocation formatting behavior can be found in #5437
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion and the writeup as well, that's nice and clear.

Updated the configurations doc
